DEVX-1358: Adding UDF Tutorial (#170)
confluentinc/kafka-tutorials: _includes/tutorials/udf/ksql/markup/dev/make-docker-compose.adoc

Next, create the following `docker-compose.yml` file to obtain Confluent Platform:

+++++
<pre class="snippet"><code class="dockerfile">{% include_raw tutorials/udf/ksql/code/docker-compose.yml %}</code></pre>
+++++

> Note `docker-compose.yml` has configured the `ksql-server` container with `KSQL_KSQL_EXTENSION_DIR: "/etc/ksql/ext/"`, and maps the local `extensions` directory to `/etc/ksql/ext` in the container. KSQL is now configured to look in this location for your extensions such as custom functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note `docker-compose.yml` has configured the `ksql-server` container with `KSQL_KSQL_EXTENSION_DIR: "/etc/ksql/ext/"`, mapping the local `extensions` directory to `/etc/ksql/ext` in the container. KSQL is now configured to look in this location for your extensions such as custom functions.
```
